ui/README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

## Firebase Authentication Setup

This app uses Firebase for authentication. To set up Firebase:

1. Go to [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com/)
2. Create a new project or select an existing one
3. Add a web app to your project by clicking the web icon (</>)
4. Register your app and copy the provided configuration
5. Paste the configuration into `src/lib/firebase-config.json`:

```json
{
  "apiKey": "your-api-key",
  "authDomain": "your-project.firebaseapp.com",
  "projectId": "your-project-id",
  "storageBucket": "your-project.appspot.com",
  "messagingSenderId": "your-messaging-sender-id",
  "appId": "your-app-id"
}
```

6. Enable Google authentication in Firebase Console:
   - Go to Authentication > Sign-in method
   - Enable Google as a sign-in provider
   - Configure the OAuth consent screen if prompted

Note: Make sure to add `firebase-config.json` to your `.gitignore` if you're using version control.

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type-aware lint rules:

```js
export default tseslint.config({
  extends: [
    // Remove ...tseslint.configs.recommended and replace with this
    ...tseslint.configs.recommendedTypeChecked,
    // Alternatively, use this for stricter rules
    ...tseslint.configs.strictTypeChecked,
    // Optionally, add this for stylistic rules
    ...tseslint.configs.stylisticTypeChecked,
  ],
  languageOptions: {
    // other options...
    parserOptions: {
      project: ['./tsconfig.node.json', './tsconfig.app.json'],
      tsconfigRootDir: import.meta.dirname,
    },
  },
})
```

You can also install [eslint-plugin-react-x](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-x) and [eslint-plugin-react-dom](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-dom) for React-specific lint rules:

```js
// eslint.config.js
import reactX from 'eslint-plugin-react-x'
import reactDom from 'eslint-plugin-react-dom'

export default tseslint.config({
  plugins: {
    // Add the react-x and react-dom plugins
    'react-x': reactX,
    'react-dom': reactDom,
  },
  rules: {
    // other rules...
    // Enable its recommended typescript rules
    ...reactX.configs['recommended-typescript'].rules,
    ...reactDom.configs.recommended.rules,
  },
})
```

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

Commit message:

fixing the server lock issue

ui/README.md, after:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

## Firebase Authentication Setup

This app uses Firebase for authentication and calls the API using environment-configured URLs.

## UI Environment Variables

Create or update `ui/.env` (development) and set:

```env
VITE_API_URL=http://localhost:8787   # API base during local dev (see server logs)
VITE_RECAPTCHA_SITE_KEY=your-site-key  # reCAPTCHA site key (Frontend-only public key)
```

For production (Cloudflare Pages), set the same variables in Pages project settings.

## Firebase Authentication Setup

To set up Firebase:

1. Go to [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com/)
2. Create a new project or select an existing one
3. Add a web app to your project by clicking the web icon (</>)
4. Register your app and copy the provided configuration
5. Paste the configuration into `src/lib/firebase-config.json` (you can copy from `firebase-config.template.json`):

```json
{
  "apiKey": "your-api-key",
  "authDomain": "your-project.firebaseapp.com",
  "projectId": "your-project-id",
  "storageBucket": "your-project.appspot.com",
  "messagingSenderId": "your-messaging-sender-id",
  "appId": "your-app-id"
}
```

6. Enable Google authentication in Firebase Console:
   - Go to Authentication > Sign-in method
   - Enable Google as a sign-in provider
   - Configure the OAuth consent screen if prompted

Note: Make sure to add `firebase-config.json` to your `.gitignore` if you're using version control.

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type-aware lint rules:

```js
export default tseslint.config({
  extends: [
    // Remove ...tseslint.configs.recommended and replace with this
    ...tseslint.configs.recommendedTypeChecked,
    // Alternatively, use this for stricter rules
    ...tseslint.configs.strictTypeChecked,
    // Optionally, add this for stylistic rules
    ...tseslint.configs.stylisticTypeChecked,
  ],
  languageOptions: {
    // other options...
    parserOptions: {
      project: ['./tsconfig.node.json', './tsconfig.app.json'],
      tsconfigRootDir: import.meta.dirname,
    },
  },
})
```

You can also install [eslint-plugin-react-x](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-x) and [eslint-plugin-react-dom](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-dom) for React-specific lint rules:

```js
// eslint.config.js
import reactX from 'eslint-plugin-react-x'
import reactDom from 'eslint-plugin-react-dom'

export default tseslint.config({
  plugins: {
    // Add the react-x and react-dom plugins
    'react-x': reactX,
    'react-dom': reactDom,
  },
  rules: {
    // other rules...
    // Enable its recommended typescript rules
    ...reactX.configs['recommended-typescript'].rules,
    ...reactDom.configs.recommended.rules,
  },
})
```

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh
